# Personal-Dmoj-Problem-Bank
Personal DMOJ Problem Bank is a Java application that allows users to store links to DMOJ problems they would like to solve, along with additional info. It was created as a beginner friendly tool to help people learn programming through solving problems requiring various coding concepts. The program uses Java Swing for the GUI, SQLite for database management, and Jackson to parse JSON files fetched from the DMOJ API.

The program works by asking the user to enter the link to a DMOJ problem they would like to add. After checking that the link is both valid and not in the existing list, the program automatically retrieves and stores additional info, making it easier for the user to keep track of their tasks. They will then be able to categorize the problem under various fundamental coding concepts. Once complete, the problem will be displayed in the list along with its point value, categories, and whether it is complete or not.

In the list, the user can perform multiple actions on the problems and how they are displayed, including choosing how the problems are ordered, what categories they must fall under, and whether problems marked as complete should be hidden or not. The user can also search for problems, which will filter out problems without the entered substring in their name. For the problems that are displayed, the user can edit a problems categories, favorite it, archive it, mark it as complete, open it in a browser tab, or delete it. There are separate lists for the users favorite problems and archived problems.

The main problem tab will not contain any archived problems but contains problems that are favorite and not archived. The favorites tab will only contain any problems marked as favorite, archived or not. The archive tab will only contain archived problems, favorite or not. Problems that are both archived and favorite will be highlighted orange, while problems that are favorite will be highlighted yellow. 
